Previously on "Mistresses"...
We don't want your mommy
finding out what I did, do we?
The IRS is investigating
my company for fraud.
The Food Network had interest
in a second season of my show.
Call and see if we
could work something out.
- Uh, leave a message.
- Hey, Marc, it's April.
I'd like to talk if you get a chance.
- I can't sleep.
- They're not there.
I assume you were looking for these.
What's going on, Joss?
You looked through my stuff?
What are these?
Wow. I can't believe... That's really...
Frickin' looking through my stuff.
Hardly think that's the point.
- It's a point.
- So what are they?
You know what? I don't know.
- You don't know?
- No. They're not mine.
Right, they're not yours.
Yep, they're Stacey's.
You know, my client.
What are they for?
Panic? Anxiety?
Right. So, why has
the label been torn off?
- What?
- The label.
It's clearly been torn off.
Oh, because of her
overprotective, you know,
father/manager, in case he finds them
so he doesn't know what they are.
Well, her father spends a lot of
time in our closet, does he?
Wow.
I-I can't do this.
W-W-What can't you do?
Nothing, Harry. - Tell the truth?
No. I ca... I can't do this.
I can't... I can't do this.
I can't do us.
You know, I-I
I don't think that
we should get married.
Have you completely lost your mind?
You don't want to, either! What are...
The way things have been
going around here,
I mean, we're fighting nonstop.
I'm sleeping on the frickin'
couch, for God sakes.
- That was your choice, Joss.
- Yeah, because it's a lot less lonely
than sleeping next to a stranger.
I'm the str...
- Okay. Would you stop and look at me?!
- I'm looking!
Joss, you're popping pills,
and you're lying to me.
- I'm not lying!
- You lied about Scott.
Scott told me that he was
still in love with me.
Yeah. And I-I didn't
think that you needed
to go through
all of those feelings again,
so I lied about it, so you're welcome.
It's not just the lies.
It's the things you don't say.
Of course it is. Joss,
you've been so closed off to me,
- so secretive since I got back...
- Oh, my God.
And every time I've
tried to talk to you...
- About what's going on, about what hap...
- Excuse me. Seriously, not now!
- That night with Wilson...
- Harry, seriously.
You run off to that cult
of 12 angry women...
They're not a cult!
They are a group of people
that have been there for me,
which is more than I can say about you!
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
You abandoned me, Harry!
You abandoned me
during the most vulnerable
and harrowing time in my life.
You got on a plane, and you
frickin' went back to Europe.
I wanted to stay for the trial, Joss.
I insisted on staying, but
you told me to go, remember?
You told me to go.
The hell did I know?
I was traumatized and confused!
I mean, this... the man
who sped down the freeway
to stop me from marrying Scott?
That guy... He would have never
left my side for anything.
But this... This guy, I don't...
Synced and corrected by johnyd13
~ www.addic7ed.com ~
So, what do you think?
This is the sixth outfit
you've shown me,
you do realize that.
You sure he's gonna be there?
Marc wouldn't let Lucy down.
She's been preparing for
this debate for weeks now.
And regardless of
how he's feeling about me...
How is he feeling about you?
How the hell should I know?
He hasn't called me back.
God, I hate missing him this much
and not knowing what he wants.
Well, he got what he wants.
He just doesn't know it yet.
What do you mean?
Well, he wanted you
to choose him over Marjorie,
and you did that, right?
- Right.
- Well, once he knows it,
patching things up with him
shouldn't be that hard.
Wook who's here. It's Wydia.
Yes. Yes, it is!
Um, all right, I'll let you go.
Still not natural?
Getting there.
Yeah. Bye.
Lyd, would you grab, uh, towels?
Viv's put squash everywhere.
There we go.
Karen, um, um,
this job isn't gonna work out
for me anymore.
- What?!
- Yeah, the commute is just too long,
and you know I like you and
I love Vivian, but I-I can't.
W-W-W-Wait. Slow down. Just slow down.
Where's all this coming from?
Is it a question of money?
If the commute is a problem,
we can find you an apartment nearby.
What, so I can have even less of a life?
Oh, Lydia.
You know, I know that you and
Adam are getting more serious
and you'll want me to
work more weekends.
But if I'm babysitting
every Friday and Saturday night,
I can't exactly go on dates and...
Look, we can make this work.
We can trade weekend nights.
You've been part of our lives.
We couldn't stand to lose you now.
Vivian would be devastated.
There's banana in her ear.
Oh. Devastated and deaf.
See how much we need you?
No one's ever said that to me before.
That they needed me.
When? That's great.
Thank you. Thank you.
Harry, my friend.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Hey.
It's a gorgeous day, isn't it?
Yeah, well, same as yesterday, I guess.
Harry, first rule
of living in Los Angeles.
Treat every sunny day as the first,
or you will stop appreciating it.
Yeah.
- Dalia?
- Ah, listen, Jonathan,
- there's something I...
- First, champagne.
Thank you.
- What?
- The audit is over.
The IRS... off my back.
Didn't I tell you to trust me?
- Cheers!
- Wow, Jonathan,
I, uh...
I'm so happy for you
that the audit is over.
I really am, but, um,
the Food Network has offered me
a second season of my show,
and I'm gonna do it.
I just thought you should hear
it from me first.
Well, look, t-this audit,
it could have taken
6 or 12 months,
and there were no guarantees.
It's not personal, Jonathan.
Look, I'm truly sorry.
- Have you signed yet?
- Uh, what?
The Food Network, have you
signed a contract yet?
No, I haven't signed, but it's...
Give me 48 hours.
Let me dazzle you.
I guess I could stand to be dazzled.
I'm so proud of you.
You kicked some major butt
in there, I mean, major butt.
Please stop saying "major butt."
That quote of Margaret Atwood's
you pulled out...
"An eye for an eye
only leads to more blindness"
- Absolutely brilliant.
- It's not like I made it up.
Sweetie! Why are you not happy?
Marc didn't show up.
Oh, honey, that's not about you.
He knew that I was gonna be here
and probably just didn't want to see...
Didn't want to see what?
My girl wipe the floor with
those bumbling idiots up there?
You made it!
Yeah, of course I made it.
Little late coming from rehearsal,
so I had to stand in the back,
but I saw your whole thing.
I'm proud of you, kiddo.
Thank you.
Well, I'm gonna head off.
- What?!
Noel's mom was gonna take us for pizza.
He asked me to be
his girlfriend yesterday,
and I said yes, so it's kind of a date.
See you at home?
And I'll take you to dinner
soon to celebrate.
The debate, not the boyfriend.
Boyfriend? Did you just say boyfriend?
Well, she said it first.
Well, it was nice to see you, April.
I kicked my mother out.
- Oh.
- It became clear that she...
Well, she certainly wasn't
bringing out the best in me.
Look, Marc, there is so much
we should talk about.
Can we grab a coffee or something?
Come on, baby. We got to get back.
"Baby"?
We were broken up, April.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
That ain't a piñata.
There's no candy coming out.
Can I help you with something?
Is Jackie here?
Uh, who are you?
I'm Lee Cheron.
Marisol's ex.
I see you made bail.
Bail?
No, mónita. Charges were dropped.
I'm a free man.
Seems the cops had nothing that'd
hold up in court, you know?
- Wilson?
- Where you going?
Your fist prints on her dead
body... those weren't enough?
You just give Jackie
a message for me, huh?
Marisol's death...
is on her.
You see, me and Mari...
We had a good thing going.
- Uh-huh.
- Until you bitches got in her head.
Marisol was a beautiful, gentle woman,
and you turned her into someone else.
Her fighting back?
That took things to a level
it had never gone before.
So if it weren't for this place...
Marisol would still be alive.
So you tell Jackie that.
And that I'll be
seeing you girls around.
You should have seen how smug he was,
with his smug freakin' face,
flaunting his freedom
and threatening us.
What do you mean "threatening us"?
Did you not hear what I just said?
He blames us for Marisol's death.
- That's ridiculous.
- Yeah, of course it's ridiculous.
But I-it's ridiculous to a sane per...
I know the guy. He's too much
of a coward to come after us.
Okay, and... and the next woman
that gets in his bed...
Are... are you okay with her ending up
in the hospital or the morgue, Jackie?
Come on, guys. If the cops aren't
gonna do anything, we have to.
Right, ladies?
Wow.
What did you have in mind?
Ooh, wow. Those look gorgeous.
Oh, you think so?
Think they look gorgeous?
Of course you do.
Because everyone loves things
that are fresh and new.
Okay, this is the part where I ask,
are we still talking about the muffins?
We're obviously not talking
about the muffins.
We're talking about Marc
and how he could not wait
five minutes after leaving our house
to get together with that singer of his.
Do you want to talk about it?
Actually, no, I do not
want to talk about it.
I don't even want to think about it.
Right now, I just want to be left alone.
- April?
- What?!
Michael?
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
- That's okay, April.
That wasn't aimed at you or Randy.
Sorry, Randy!
Ah, that wasn't
one of my finest moments.
Not that I've shown you
many stellar ones, have I?
That e-mail you sent was maybe one of
the finest moments
in the history of fine moments.
Really?
Yeah. I have this habit of forgetting
that not everybody's been
in transition for years.
Sometimes I have to remind myself
to have a little patience with friends
who maybe need a chance to catch up.
- Friends?
- If you'll have me.
Now, what was that that I walked in on?
Oh.
- Hi.
Sorry. Message from April.
Oh, no! What a bastard!
That was a heavy sigh.
It was a sigh of relief, actually,
for being in this part
of a relationship,
the beautiful beginning
where everything is perfect
and not at the end,
where everything is pain.
Everything's perfect?
- Did I say that?
- No, d-don't regret it.
Hearing that gives me the courage to...
do this.
What did you do?
- Adam, are these Onyx?
- Yep.
It's my absolute favorite stone.
How on earth did you know?
Call it a hunch.
I took... I took it too far, didn't I?
Damn jewelry move.
These are good tears.
Good tears?
I-I know I... I went out on a limb.
And I want to return the gesture.
Okay. Well, you know
I'm not a jewelry-wearing man.
What I meant was,
I think it's time I introduce
you to my friends.
- Oh.
- Mm-hmm.
I-Is this April person
one of your friends?
Because when I nodded earlier,
I actually had no idea
who you were talking about.
God, I...
I like you.
I like you, too.
_
- That is... That's great news, um...
- Yo!
The president of the
network wants to meet?
Wow. That's... At their offices or...
Okay, yep. Hey, listen,
and don't tell him anything
about Jonathan, okay?
I want to play this my way.
Thank you.
Wh... Did we have a surfing date
that I forgot about?
No, no, I...
God, I can't talk about my
girl problems without asking...
Is everything okay with you and Joss?
It's never a good sign when
someone's sleeping on the couch.
Yeah. Things have gotten pretty dark.
What do you mean "dark"?
Do you know what? Is it okay
if we don't go down this...
Yep, yep. Yeah, totally fine.
I just, uh...
I really need to stay focused.
This is a crucial moment in my career.
So the Food Network's happening, huh?
Yeah, not unless Jonathan
makes me a better offer.
Jonathan? I thought
you were done with that guy.
No, listen, mate.
You get two good options
on the table, you leverage
one against the other.
It seems kind of risky.
I don't mean to sound like a douche,
but this is how it's done
in the big time, right?
Mm-hmm.
Wait a second. What's up
with you there, chap?
You look like you mowed down a dog.
A pretty messed-up thing
happened with April yesterday.
She found out I slept with Sofia.
You slept with Sofia? Your hot,
ex-girlfriend, singer Sofia?
Mm-hmm.
And I think April was trying to
patch things up with me...
when she realized.
- Oh, boy.
- I know.
That look on her face...
Oh, God. It just killed me.
But she was the one
who basically ended things.
- Well, do you still love her?
- Of course.
But I got to tell you,
being with Sofia feels pretty nice.
You know, it's free
from all the heaviness.
And it's the way she looks at me,
like I'm more than enough
just the way that I am.
I mean, that doesn't suck, either.
Mm. I bet.
Give me some advice here?
And if you tell me to go
"leverage one girl
against the other",
we cannot be friends anymore.
But that's kind of
what you're doing, isn't it?
Till you make a choice.
Who do you want to be with?
I'm really sorry.
We both are.
And I know hearing this must hurt.
We just can't deny
how great we are together.
She and I want the same things,
we're committed to this journey, and...
we just feel like we can't
be held back anymore.
You got one hour to get
all your crap out of my house.
Well, that went well.
So, where you gonna stay?
You know, I don't know.
Well, here's a thought... My place.
What? You're really
gonna spend your money
on some seedy motel near the airport?
- Sofia.
- Marc.
Sleep in my bed, crash on my couch.
There's no pressure. I don't care.
What's the worst that could happen?
We find out we like
to see each other every night,
every morning?
Think about it.
You look pretty. Where are you going?
Karen is having a party to
introduce us to her boyfriend.
Karen has a boyfriend.
And you have a boyfriend.
And Joss has a fiancé.
I have a smaller house
that I bought, by the way,
so a man who no longer lives in
it could feel more at home.
I don't have a boyfriend anymore.
What happened?
Noel dumped me today.
He just asked you out two days ago!
What the hell is up
with these fickle-ass men?
Okay. You know what? That's it.
I'm gonna cancel my plans.
No, Mom, don't, really.
We can order in and watch movies.
I'm going to dinner with Marc.
Oh.
It's the one to celebrate the debate.
But don't worry.
I'm gonna totally talk you up.
Lucy, sit down.
- Do I really have to?
- Park it.
Look, I know you have hopes of me
and Marc getting back together,
but you should know
that it's not happening.
- Why? What'd you do?
- Me?
Well, didn't you talk to him yesterday?
I thought you were going to apologize.
- He's seeing someone else.
- What? Already?
Well, there's no way I'm going
to dinner with him now!
Lucy, no, don't do that.
You have your own
relationship with Marc.
It's important to you,
and it's important to him.
I just thought you should know
about her from me.
It's not the kind of thing
you want to get blindsided by.
Harry! There you are.
Stu, good to see you, man.
And very odd to see myself like this.
My, uh, teeth are two feet tall.
Well, this is a party
celebrating our family.
And you were part of
that family last season,
and we are very excited at the prospect
of having you join us again.
Well, you know, I loved
every moment of it, Stu.
Ah, I'm happy to hear that.
I want to tell you something.
It only gets better from here.
Because this year...
Oh, perfect. There you go.
- Ha. Cheers!
- Cheers.
This year, it's your show.
It's not Rocco's show, it's your show.
And I'm giving you
the Thursday 9:00 p.m. slot.
Wow, that's... that's
pretty prime real estate.
You know Donatello?
He's got 8:00 p.m.
Now, he's got 7 million viewers,
he just signed a book deal,
opened a restaurant in Las Vegas,
and is ready to launch
a fleet of food trucks.
And last year, he was in
the exact same position
you are right now.
That means that that is the future you.
Uh, you know what, Stu?
I-I feel like, um...
I should tell you I have other offers.
Okay. Good. You know what?
You should have other offers.
Yeah, I don't want to name
names, but it's... it's...
You know what? I was gonna save this
for after you signed the contracts,
but we've been in talks with some
very heavy-hitter producers...
A whole new level of stuff
for the show. Do this for me.
Come by tomorrow,
hear what they have to say.
If you like what they have to say,
the contracts will be ready for you.
It's just so unfair.
So, they just let this Lee guy go?
Oh, they say the system is broken,
but it's worse than that,
it's dangerous.
You know, they... they kept me,
an innocent woman,
in prison for months, but they let this
scumbag, mouth-breathing douchebag out
just to troll the freakin' streets.
Hey.
Oh, sorry, Viv.
- It's awful.
- It's horrible.
Yeah, it's just...
Just unjust. But, sweetie,
I mean, what can you do?
Well, me and my Impact friends
can ambush him and beat him within
an inch of his life and tell him
that if he ever thinks about
hurting another woman again,
we'll come back and finish the job.
- Okay.
- How about that?
Here we go.
Honey, um...
What?
Oh, guys, I'm kidding.
Because you know that would be crazy.
- And stupid.
- And crazy.
Okay, I'm just blowing
off some steam here.
Are you gonna get that?
Kidding!
Believing.
Hi, Adam.
Hey, little one. How you doing?
- Hey.
This is April. Adam.
Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you.
You can't even look at me?
You brought your girlfriend
to my debate?
She's not my girlfriend,
and I didn't bring her.
In fact, I asked her
to wait in the side street,
but she took it upon herself to...
Anyway, let's not talk about Sofia.
Can we talk about you, please?
What happened with Noel?
He started being weird right
after I beat him in the debate.
Crushed him is more like it.
And then he said I was rubbing it
in by bringing my trophy to pizza,
but really I wasn't.
I mean, there was no place to it.
I guess I could have
left it with my mom.
Whoa, hey, hey, hey.
Don't you ever do that.
Don't ever apologize for your victories.
And this Noel jerk... Good riddance.
You should never be with someone
who tries to dim your light.
Is that what my mom did?
Try to dim your light?
- It's complicated, Luce.
- Aren't all families complicated?
Well, I thought we were a family.
I'm so sorry to hear about
what happened with Marc.
Oh, he was there when
I got your message.
- What did I miss? What happened?
- Marc slept with the singer chick.
- Oh, no.
- Oh, yes. He's out with Lucy right now.
Lucy's the new girlfriend?
- What?
- Oh, no.
- Ew!
- No, no. She's my daughter.
What a sleazeball!
No, no. I-It's not like that. She's 14.
He's a father-figure to her.
They, um, have a relationship.
We don't.
They do, but we, uh, don't.
Oh. Oh, my God!
I'm so sorry. I almost forgot dinner.
You need some help
in the kitchen, doll-face?
Uh, no. Thank you, babe.
So, um, tell me again,
how did you two meet?
- Online.
- At spin class.
We didn't meet online.
Well, we... we saw each
other for the first time
at a spin class,
but our courtship was online.
What are you talking about?
Heart... HeartDuet.com.
What the hell is that?
Is this a joke? I found you
from your online dating profile.
I don't have an online profile.
Should we go?
Maybe we should go.
Karen, I-I got to say,
I'm not finding this very funny.
Do you see me laughing?
All right, that's it.
- What are you doing?
- I'm pulling up your profile
and our 50-some-odd correspondences.
See, I'm not there.
So can we stop this
weird thing you're doing?
Okay, wait. Just wait a second.
That's on my profile.
I didn't put these up.
I didn't put any of these up.
All these e-mails back and forth?
How long did this go on for?
I don't know, a couple of weeks.
I've heard of this, um...
This thing called "catfishing,"
where famous people's
accounts get hacked
and used for this kind of stuff.
Maybe someone who read my book?
Your readers know your schedule?
This person told me
to meet you at Strength Cycle.
Oh, my God.
Morning. I brought bagels.
He's not fighting for me, Michael.
No! I'm too nauseous.
Hair of the dog. Come on. Chug it.
Ugh!
I am such a fool.
Why?
After I ended it with Marc,
there was a part of me
that thought it was
just theater, you know?
Like, I was doing something
dramatic to wake him up
and then after a few days
away from me...
He'd realize what he'd be losing.
Well, apparently he realized
he wouldn't be losing much.
And you say this pitiful thing
because he slept with another...
Yes! Because he slept
with another woman!
So what?
- Are you fighting for him right now?
- No!
Well, that's just sexist,
archaic, and downright weird.
How is it any of those things?
Because you want him back.
_
What?
So?
There is no other plan.
_
No, no, no, no.
I'll get him alone.
"Karen Kim, 40 years old.
Psychiatrist, author, mother of one.
Born in Donghae, South Korea,
under a full summer moon."
Creative.
- I can explain.
- Get the hell out of my house.
I just needed your beauty
and your accomplishments
to get someone who wouldn't talk to me
to actually want to talk to me.
Do you realize I had sex with this man
and brought him into my home,
introduced him to my daughter,
all because of a comfort I felt with him
that was not at all real?
Do you know how violating that is?
How humiliating?
I'm sorry.
You are so sick, is what you are.
Can I at least say goodbye to Vivian?
If you come within 100 feet
of my daughter ever again,
and I'm calling the police.
Oh, and I'd find a new career.
You're not fit to work with children.
I'll be letting all the agencies know.
Hi, it's Jonathan. Leave a message.
Hey, Jonathan. It's Harry Davis.
Um, yeah, it's been two days,
and I haven't heard from you,
so just checking in
before things... become final.
Um, yeah, okay, then.
Oh, hey. Hold on. There he is.
Harry, come on back!
- Hey!
- Oh, I'm so excited to see you.
I want you to meet our investors and
producers. This is Chloe DuBont.
- Hello.
- And Jonathan Amadi.
Hello, Harry.
Jonathan.
Oh, good. You guys know each other.
Jonathan was just telling us
some of his new ideas.
Beginning with a change in casting.
I'm thinking Padma Lakshmi
would be a much better choice
for this project than Harry.
Uh, um, could... Jonathan,
could I speak to you?
Would you excuse us, please?
I promised you'd be dazzled.
And unlike you, I'm a man of my word.
Oh, uh, a double vodka, straight up.
She'll have a lite beer.
Are you sure you want to do this?
Listen to me, when I tell you,
I want you to go to the bathroom
and come back in two minutes.
Two minutes, do you hear me?
No more, no less.
Okay, go.
Whoa.
Hola, mami.
What, is she gonna
drop-kick me or something?
I need to talk to you, Lee,
but I have to make it fast
because if my friends find out,
they're gonna kill me.
So, talk.
How about a little privacy?
All right.
So, Lee, you know, I-I've been
thinking about what you said
about Jackie messing...
Messing with Marisol.
And, I don't know, I think
she messes with all of us.
Like, that freakin' place,
it brainwashes people, yeah?
It's like a lot of those girls,
they just... They like it rough.
It's like they get off on it
or something.
I mean, even Marisol.
She told me that it was your dominance
that turned her on.
You know, she...
She also told her diary.
Marisol kept a diary?
Yeah, I found it
in her locker at Impact.
I don't know.
The cops must have missed it.
But, Lee, there's...
There's some things in there
that might not look good for you.
Some things that could reopen a case.
I ca... I can't right now,
but I have it back at my place.
Will you meet me there in an hour?
I'll be alone then.
I think maybe you should be, too, yeah?
Let's go.
Hey. Are you all right?
Yeah, I'm good. Let's go.
All right, let's
go over this one more time.
When Lee's car arrives,
we all just stay in the van.
Once he gets in the doorway,
that's when we'll hit him.
We'll grab him, drag him into the alley,
and we will put the fear of God in him.
But when I say stop, we stop.
You hear me?
- Yep.
- Yeah.
- Got it.
Okay.
You want to talk first, or should I?
I got to say I'm a little freaked out.
I fell in love with you over e-mail.
But it was Lydia writing for you,
or for herself, I don't know.
The whole thing is... It's just weird.
Well, how do you think I feel?
I'm walking around thinking,
"God, this guy really gets me."
Intuitively, he gets me.
"And sees me in ways
I wasn't even trying to show."
But you didn't see me.
You saw a cheat sheet.
Well, that's not 100% true.
You saw me wearing my Onyx necklace
in one of my profile pictures.
That's how you knew I liked these.
Yeah, I saw a picture, and I
gave you a thoughtful gift.
I'm sorry, Adam.
I just can't pretend this is real.
So that's it?
K-Karen.
_
He's showing up. He has to.
Oh, that's him.
All right, let Joss go first.
- He's got a gun.
- Then we're done here.
- We're going. That's it.
- No.
Hey! What the hell do you
think you're doing, Joss?
No! No, no, no, no! Let me disarm him.
- I can disarm him.
- No, no, no. We're going.
- You want to get shot?!
- Stop. We can do this.
Let it go.
- Joss, this is dangerous!
- No.
Then I'm going alone.
- Hey!
- Joss.
- Shh!
- Joss, don't do this!
Thought you were gonna stand me up.
Yeah? Just keeping you on your toes.
You like it rough, right?
Yeah.
What the hell, you frickin' bitch?!
This is for Marisol, you son of a bitch!
You so much as slap another woman, yeah?
You scared, Lee?
Yeah, you feeling helpless, huh?
- Come on!
- Aah!
What are you gonna do now, huh?
That's what I thought.
You're gonna pay for this, you bitch.
Yeah? Yeah? Yeah? Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Okay.
Joss! Joss.
Don't do this!
Joss!
Get off me!
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.
Oh, my God. I'm sorry.
- Hi, honey.
- He didn't show.
I made turducken and lit my house
on fire, and he didn't show.
I can come over and commiserate.
Vivian's with Alec.
Thanks, but I'm exhausted.
I think I'm just gonna
leave this entire mess here
and drag my rejected ass to bed.
Will you be okay alone?
Yeah, I've got some reading
I need to finish.
Love you.
_
You haven't reached Adam.
You might as well leave a message.
Um, I-I was a jerk earlier today, Adam.
I-I don't care how we met.
I don't care that
you had a Wikipedia
of information about me.
What I do care about is,
when I was with you, I felt good.
I was happy.
Maybe the happiest I've ever been.
If this moves you at all,
will you call me?
Or come over?
Just please come over.
Oh, this is Karen, by the way.
_
This isn't the me I want to be.
Me neither.
No.
Oh, God, me neither.
Oh, God.
The pills were mine.
Yeah, I know.
I needed them to cope, Harry,
but I'm really not coping.
I shouldn't have left you, Joss.
I'll never leave you again, okay?
I need help.
And I need to tell you...
Tell me what?
About that night.
Okay.
Oh, my God. He came.
- I'm late.
- I don't care.
- Can I come in?
- Oh! Of course.
Uh, the food looked better earlier.
I looked better, too.
- April, this is... Wow.
- Marc, I really miss you.
- I miss you, too.
- I'm so sorry for the way things ended.
I'm sorry, too.
I want you back, Marc.
Look, I know things
weren't great with us,
even before my mother moved in.
I was judgmental and fearful,
and I think I acted from that
place pretty much all the time.
But the reality of losing you
has made me want to be my best self.
And I know that means
helping you be your best self.
This isn't a good version of me?
No, it's a great version.
It's the version where you're
courageously going after your dream,
and I want to help you do that.
However bumpy the road is,
I am ready to tolerate the discomfort.
Right.
Whether it's your past with Sofia...
If it's actually the past...
Your lack of income,
if you have to travel,
whatever it is.
When those fearful
or critical voices come up,
I'm going to work through them privately
and keep my mouth shut.
Well, first of all,
Sofia is in the past,
romantically speaking.
The music's going great for us,
and I'm not about to ruin that
by crapping where I eat.
- Sounds like a wise decision...
- And also...
she isn't you.
But I just don't know
if I can be with someone
who has to tolerate me, April.
No, no. That's...
That's not what I meant.
Look, look, I don't blame you
for having your fears and your needs.
And they're all legitimate.
But even if you don't say them out loud,
don't you think I can hear them?
That I can feel them between us?
April, in my heart,
in my bones, I love you.
But I'm a decade late
to the starting line here,
and this music career is gonna
take everything I've got.
And I'm gonna have my own
self-doubt to deal with,
and I just can't...
I just can't carry the weight
of disappointing you, too.
- Maybe one day we can try...
- Yeah, maybe.
I don't know, I just promised myself
I'd never feel
that powerless ever again.
Joss, you're not powerless.
You are the strongest person I know.
Or the craziest.
Tonight with Lee.
Listen, anyone who went through
what you went through...
And, look, we're gonna
get you help, okay?
And I will be there.
I will be there every step of the way.
You sure you still want to marry me?
I never stopped wanting to.
But you should probably know
what you're getting yourself into.
I tanked my entire career today.
That's the correct response. Thank you.
Ugh.
Mom, you okay?
In the bath. I'll be out in a minute.
No rush. Just wanted to tell you
Noel apologized
and we got back together.
Happy for you, sweetie!
Wait. Um, how did things go
with you and Marc?
Oh, not good, hon.
Then I guess we'll just have to move on.
Synced and corrected by johnyd13
~ www.addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org